We had opening a letter every morning.
Every morning, and, and, well, why don't we do that?
I think that you're supposed to eat beans every Saturday.
I mean, that's true.
Not to eat beans.
You're supposed to eat beans every Saturday.
And at any rate, the maid spoke to his wife.
Somebody happened to go to the oatmeal and so and so on.
I don't know what to do about it, what to say.
And then, finally, his wife told him, he said, that's all right, because I never liked oatmeal.
And that's typical of Bostonians.
There are many things that you do because you're supposed to.
You're supposed to.
But earlier, when we came in, you were talking about there was really a person that you modeled, the character in your book, that you were trying to get rid of, that had come and caused some trouble on the vineyard away.
a socialite from Boston.
Yes, yes.
And you had modeled one of the characters in your book after.
Did there was someone here that you tried to kind of... Well, I never will know this.
My mother's light-skinned, as I told you.
And I don't know, and the light was on because I was someplace else.
I will never know whether or not because my mother was light-skinned, she might have thought my mother was light and told her things that she would not have said.
And the reason she came over to my mother's house,
over here was because she saw a light.
And she wanted to buy off the telephone.
And my mother was very, well, it's half explained.
The woman was younger than my mother, and I was not here, of course, but I rather imagine my mother said, well, you don't want to do that here, and so forth and so on.
And I think I said, well, never know.
I think that maybe she thought my mother was white and could, and therefore was nice.
If my mother was not white, it's interesting.
She was golden-skinned, but very often, white people would think that they're not black that you're white.
Do you know what I mean?
Oh, you do understand.
Shades are very important.
Before, I never really thought about shades of color, but you, the butternut child.
Yes.
It's so beautiful.
Oh, really?
It pleased me so much.
Because you will never know how much stuff.
Because, as I tell you, a double day has made me see my lips.
You will never know how much stuff I went through.
But please, don't listen to me, darling, now.
Because now I'm so happy about it.
Because I'm...
You can see the gradations of differences if you're not afraid to look.
All right.
The tree that was an item to make for you, I thought that was a wonderful addition to the book.
I enjoyed that.
I referred back to that afterwards.
Beautiful flowers, by the way.
An admirer?
I don't know.
Somebody had got those yesterday.
She couldn't remember because he said they were beautiful.
They definitely sent me, like that, in this small house, the place to put them.
Yeah.
Oh, you like this one?
Right here, where do you do your writing?
Oh, well, I usually, I have used this room now.
I've used this room, but usually I wrote in, but you don't realize that.
That's called a sun column, that room right there.
But my point is, that's one of the early,
But they don't make them anymore, because they're hot.
Do you see what I'm saying?
So that now, yeah.
And then you'd want to sit in there in the summertime.
But that's an extra room, because that's enough.
I would like to get a picture of you sitting in that chair before we leave, too.
All right, and it's so interesting, because I can't really put the chairs there.
Tell me a little bit, relationships seem to be so important to you in your writing.
Oh yes, because in the, in the, in the, yeah, it's so, it's so interesting.
The color, that color is so interesting because I, uh, it just so happens.
I think, I think maybe I had no feeling about color.
I mean, you know, I never, I had no feeling about my skin.
You see, because I come from them, so I'm mixed up, and so on, so that, but because I'm brown, doesn't make me think, who do they think they are?
Because I never will forget, I was with a brown-skinned woman, and these particular friends that I'm talking about, I've known them for about six generations, and the one girl is very blind, and she's blue-eyed, and she's blonde, and when I look at her, I don't see her blue eyes, but I see her.
that she had a sister with my best friend, and she had red hair and golden skin, and so and so on, and very beautiful, and when I look at her, I just see her.
So I was with a brown-skinned woman, and I went by to talk to, oh, and the brown one was the younger one, and it's just the boss there.
All right, so now she's the boss.
All right, so therefore, I came to get her sister,
And she said, Dorothy, my sister just came, and she's tired, and I said, she loved me, because when she was a little girl, her sister didn't want to take her.
She wanted to go to Boston sometimes, but I said, I'll take her to the Boston.
So she loved me there, this girl.
I didn't see anything, because when she looks at me, she doesn't see my color.
When I look at her, I don't see her color.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
And so that was that.
And she said, no, Darcy, because I want my sister to die and so on.
And we walked away.
And it surprised me because I had no feeling about things like that.
She said, she was talking about Darcy with her blue eyes and her blonde hair and so on.
Who does she think she is?
And I was shocked because I didn't see her tell her.
And I think that's why so many people like me, like skinned people, because I don't, because I don't, well, now I'm going to tell you this right here, but go on while you ask the question.
Well, just to go back to the question I asked a few minutes ago, and you mentioned about how you're born, that's in the paper, you marry, that's in the paper.
But I guess the question that I asked is how you want, how you would like people to remember you.
How would you like to be remembered?
All right.
I want you to feel, to know, not have a sense of humor about myself.
We were taught.
You'd better learn to laugh, little girl.
I can hear my mother saying that.
I was my serious child.
And I like life.
And I love people.
Because as I told you, everything that was not human, I was afraid of.
I don't know why, but I don't know.
I just happened to be a people lover.
I mean, people talk and so forth, and I just love people.
And many people don't like people, and I love people.
I like animals.
I'm beginning to get used to it because I wouldn't protect an animal.
I was afraid of cats.
How many cats do you have?
They have me.
Right?
Because my mother fed everything.
And so, therefore, when a cat comes, they'll have a cat upstairs.
But I took the broom, and she's 12 years old.
She's been with me about 10 years now.
And I went back and said, all right, you win.
How many cats?
Is that one?
No, she's an upstairs cat.
And therefore, there are four more kittens.
No, no, no, they don't have kittens anymore.
And it's interesting because I knew you were coming.
I was fussing nothing to you or anything.
Because I've got cat food and cats all over the place.
You know what I mean?
And I was so mad with the cats.
If you weren't here, I wouldn't have to do it.
I was cleaning up and so forth and so on.
And when it gets cold, I'd let them come in and they'd go in there.
And I'm so afraid they're going to camp right now.
Oh, the neighbors.
We did see quite a cat outside.
It looked like, you know, the house.
Oh, right.
There was a big gray cat.
So you must be quite a celebrity on the island now with your book coming out.
Well, in a way.
But you see, we're not like that on the island.
Isn't that interesting?
Now, they know all about me.
I'm sure they do.
But isn't that interesting?
No.
Are they going to have a book signing for you at the bookstore here?
Well, I was very fortunate.
They were going to have a book signing.
And then about two weeks ago, the book came out.
And the woman who owned the bookstore had me come and sign about, oh, I don't know, about 200 copies.
Do you go out that way when you leave?
We know the story, yeah.
Oh, because on that day, I didn't see them because then I left.
She put them in the front window.
I mean, the whole front window.
What was that book you see?
I don't know whether they... How does it feel?
You're 87 years old, and here you have your second novel.
How do you feel?
Is there a sense of accomplishment, satisfaction, pleasure?
How do you feel seen?
You're here with two copies of your book.
Please.
The only thing about it is I told you, don't forget I'm an old Bostonian, and when I say that, I really mean that.
I'm talking about 70 years ago, when you... I tell you, when my mother took out, you're supposed to... Oh, this is the thing that I love.
Look, I've got my legs crossed, as you know.
But the point is, you're supposed to do that to your legs.
And then I see the poor actresses, and I say to them, you should have gone to my dances, because it wasn't really dances, it was part of dances, because the little boys bow to you, and you did the little kissy, and you crossed the head.
But I find myself doing that now, too.
Because I know those women.
They're women.
They were tired.
I mean, to get where they got, they had to be 40 or 45 when they got there, you see.
And I know that they're not comfortable, but they make them... Can I ask you to sit in that chair and sign a couple of these books?
Well, of course.
And I can take some pictures of you with the book, and that way we can do a couple of things.
I'd like you to inscribe this to my wife.
All right.
I'll give you that.
I think there's a... How about sitting in that nice yellow chair in there?
Where?
Oh, all right.
All right.
No, no, no, that's all right.
I'll tell you.
No, I... And I think that... You see, because now you've seen the doctor... Come on in.
Do you need a pen, Miss West?
Oh, I got one for you.
I got one for you.
I got one for you right here.
This young woman's name is Connie.
Thank you.
Oh, it's your choice.
It's your book.
It's wherever you would like to sign it.
Now, while you're doing that, I'm going to... Right.
And look, today is... Today is February the 8th.
Four.
Five, actually.
Oh, that's why I was asking you to help me with that.
And let me get in, darling.
Connie, C-O-N-N-I-E.
C-O-N-N-I-E.
Oh, that's right.
Look at me and smile.
A pretty smile.
I can't... Oh, yes, you can.
No, that was the thing that my mother liked about me so much, because I was not the beauty of the family, and she thought I was so good, such a great child.
Okay, good.
That's the only thing that I don't like.
Yeah.
And I'm just going to ask you to sign this way.
I don't want to have to.
I'm Nick, if you want to sign one.
Oh, oh, this is for you.
That's for Connie, and that's for me.
Do you know there's a thing in there?
Yes.
All right.
This is my bookmark.
Now, this is, wait a minute.
Let me get the date straight again.
It's the 8th of February.
Do I get rid of that chair?
I'm Nick, as in Nicholas, right?
The woman is always in my life.
That's great.
Let me give you a little, just look at me a little bit.
Now, if you want to just close the book, and then we can see the dust jacket, too.
Is this the dust jacket?
Yeah.
All right.
You have to hold it up.
I think you do not have to hold it up.
Just hold it in your lap clothes like that.
All right, both of them?
Yeah, fine.
And I'll just take that pen out of your hand.
Don't get to me.
Did I tell you about this woman?
No.
Please go ahead.
Because a friend of mine saw a white woman, he was in maybe in London, saw a white woman sitting like this.
was, for some reason, attracted to her pose and made her a brown woman.
Then, The Living is Easy was published by the English Company.
And with my mother's picture, well, not my mother's picture, but some beautiful black woman, colored woman, on the cover.
For some reason, they liked this, that's it, and chose it.
Then, when double dates in it,
They like that picture, too.
It's a beautiful picture.
It's a wonderful cover.
Oh, right, because when I first saw it... Did you like it when you first saw it?
No, the reason it bothered me, I think, was a little sensitivity in me.
But it's because of that?
Well, because most of the people were light-skinned.
And I felt, because there are many white people who feel that way, I felt that they did this dark skin because they did not believe
And they were light-skinned people, didn't they?
And the reason, you would be surprised how many color people talk for white.
I was sitting at the picture here, do you, sir?
Oh, everybody looks at that beginning.
I couldn't understand why they looked at it.
And then I realized that children don't have to go to parties anymore.
I say beautiful girls.
Girls don't want to wear a dress.
I have two daughters.
Isn't that interesting?
They've all got ribbons in their hair.
But my point is, this one is my niece.
My little nephew wouldn't put it there.
We have to leave, Miss West.
We have to go catch the boat.
Oh, you had your own car?
Yeah.
Oh.
And unfortunately, there was only one resolution.
It was either 1.15, 1.45, or 4 o'clock.
This is a little picture.
I never played with a doll.
I wanted, always wanted a real baby.
You wanted a real baby?
Why?
Yeah, I never, I never, I never talked.
This is the boy.
I want to get her on the table.
Let's know it's worth it.